Added the review for the Che 7 End-user guide once again. (#783)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/con_che-theia-plug-in-lifecycle.adoc

Before a Che workspace is launched, Che master starts containers for the workspace:

. The Che-Theia plug-in broker extracts the plug-in (from the `.theia` file) to get the sidecar containers that the plug-in needs.
. The broker sends the appropriate container informations to Che master.
. The broker copies the Che-Theia plug-in to a volume to have it available for the Che-Theia editor container.
. Che workspace master then starts all the containers of the workspace.
. Che-Theia is started in its own container and checks the correct folder to load the plug-ins.

Che-Theia plug-in lifecycle:

. When a user is opening a browser tab or window with Che-Theia, Che-Theia starts a new plug-in session (browser or remote *TODO: 'what is _remote_ in this context?'*). Every Che-Theia plug-in is notified that a new session has been started (the `start()` function of the plug-in triggered).

> . A Che-Theia plug-in session runs and interacts with the Che-Theia backend and frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A Che-Theia plug-in session is running and interacting with the Che-Theia backend and frontend.
```
It was correct.

Author: Can you please explain this change to me so that I do not repeat it again?

Reviewer: It's describing a state/action that is currently happening, so it's correct to us the continuous tense.
